7.1.1 Final Project Requirements
First specify the involved parties, the project itself, and your goals.

1. Team members (up to 4)
Evan Tran

2. Division of Labor
Just me, myself and I

3. Project Name
Project Treat Dispenser

4. Project inspiration
I saw many videos during Halloween time of kids taking too much candy because there was a bowl of candy left out with a "take 1 please" sign on it.
A solution could be to have a wireless dispenser for Halloween candy to make sure a few kids don't steal all the candy.
I have a lot of candy at home because there were not many trick-or-treaters this year (seems to be decreasing every year) which is convenient.
There is also a robot made by Professor Seng and the Robotics Club named "Arbie" I believe, that roams around the cs building with candy on top.

5. Project features
Will be able to dispense candy after receiving IR sensor
Different buttons will dispense different candy?
LCD Display to tell the trick-or-treater a nice gesture

6. Intended customer / user
People who are typically too busy or lazy on Halloween to give out candy manually 

7. Market research
There are many DIY projects on instructable and other sources, but I have not seen a good marketable Halloween candy dispenser. 

You must also meet some requirements. In particular you must use:
1. A library, i.e. some software that others wrote
Ken's Library (for IR sensor)
servo motor library
lcd display library

2. A sensor 
IR Sensor

3. Some wireless or remote control
IR Remote

4. A display such as LCD or Serial monitor
LCD Display

5. A device that was not used in our previous experiments 
Servo Motor

Lastly in reporting your work I would like
1. An IEEE article style report under six pages, I recommend using LATEXfor this
2. Third person, i.e. “we”
3. Pictures of your set-up
4. Pictures of your team
5. A link to your code base, I recommend using GitHub for hosting your files 
6. Well-documented code base
7. A link to your presentation video and/or slides, I recommend using YouTube 
